
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ngEhgqGlyjQ like stay generation behind current gaming platforms and purchase all games used parents took Doom away when was kid. poor dad had stay all night learning how use the "deltree" command DOS. tortib: remember skifree Lady_Aleena: kitten will probably happy help with that jmcnaught not when run the vacuum cleaner under there. insidious: really careful doing recursive permission changes especially setting 777 insidious: read "man chmod" you can also use u+rwg-rw syntax instead numbers insidious: 777 means "everyone can anything with this file" insidious: generally the best practice use the principle least privilege.. only give just enough permission for work properly nothing more insidious: there must better bot you can use. supybot okay and has Debian package anyone remember psdoom? was process manager made from the original doom engine. you killed processes shooting demons transhuman_: ssh doesn't use the same PKI certificate scheme that SSL/TLS does. could you give example error that you're getting? doesn't mean they should have take precautions that men don't. means that harassers should called out shitty behaviour jmcnaught: Yes women *shouldn't* have take such precautions. Nonetheless stands most have to. "Women exist and use the internet. News 11." Lady_Aleena: any new sci-fi/fantasy recommendations? jmcnaught what are you reading can see can recommend anything else. Lady_Aleena: girlfriend and just finished watching Buffy and have been reading the comics (midway through Season jmcnaught have you watched Angel? Lady_Aleena: i'm season Angel it's starting lose attention but heard gets better again the last season jmcnaught Angel season especially dark season lighter. After that watch FIrefly (if you haven't already). Lady_Aleena: Firefly why got into Buffy. I'm also enjoying Marvel's Agents SHIELD (but i'm big nerd when comes superheroes) jmcnaught watching the Arrowverse (including Supergil and Constantine now)? Lady_Aleena: watched all Constantine (and have read all Hellblazer about 2009) but otherwise the television stuff hasn't been very interesting for me. Daredevil and Jessica Jones the other hand top shelf stuff right there jmcnaught seems http://paste.debian.net/683830/ two sets error first from output chrome the other output ssh jmcnaught and the third being reported clearlinux http://paste.debian.net/683831/ (top this post) jmcnaught before give any more recommendations need know your sci-fi/fantasy leanings spaceships magic? transhuman_: seems like you're having two separate problems. SSH and TLS/https use two different sets unrelated certificates. For the ssh command what the actual error you get when it's not verbose mode? jmcnaught just one second takes minutes before the error shows Lady_Aleena: more space and robots than magic but like both. friend got into Shadowrun recently which doesn't have spaceships but does have cool mix scifi and fantasy jmcnaught can get behind Stargate SG-1 and Stargate: Atlantis (though not Stargate Universe) and the original (not the ABC remake) for spaceshipy sci-fi. jmcnaught I'm not too much more science fiction than that. Most science fiction these days are rooted terra firma blank out them. would need see what currently listed recommendations see there anything new add it. jmcnaught ssh 10022 root@localhost ssh_exchange_identification: read: Connection reset peer jmcnaught new meaning missing from recommendations. Lady_Aleena: i'll check out the original watched some the remake and the concept was interesting but seemed poorly executed Lady_Aleena: have you see The 100? jmcnaught the original miniseries are great but you can see the budget cuts the short lived series. jmcnaught looked the description and don't want teen angst the moment. want angst I'll rewatch Buffy and Angel. transhuman_: you have shell the server and cannot even connect localhost? Does the same happen you try connecting user other than root? Any recent changes sshd_config? heh.. love serial stuff. Babylon one all time favourites because the story that takes place across the whole seasons jmcnaught could have gone without season Babylon transhuman_: you connect with ssh the server from computer that's connected before does give warnings about keys mismatched? jmcnaught too bad there wasn't enough money put behind Crusade keep going. transhuman_: ssh uses Trust First Use (TOFU) trust model were the first time you connect server saves its host certificate ~/.ssh/known_hosts and the server's cert ever doesn't match your SSH client will complain very loudly Lady_Aleena: it's true. they compressed too much into season because they thought they'd cancelled. which probably made season all the better. season should have had war with the psi-corps jmcnaught have you ever watched seaQuest? transhuman_: okay well next time this one your first lines defense. transhuman_: so.. don't use chrome but seems more like handshake failure breakdown communication between client and server.. are you getting invalid certificate errors browser? transhuman_: "first line defense" ssh client will complain loudly gets the wrong ssh host certificate for server has previously connected to. You lose that you delete ~/.ssh and purge the server transhuman_: otherwise the site loads fine? Lady_Aleena: Lady_Aleena: I've heard that Outlander good and it's developed Ronald Moore (who did the Battlestar Galactica remake) jmcnaught seaQest good series you can forgive some season jmcnaught season seaQuest went off the rails more than little bit but got through it. transhuman_: well don't know what's happening there. would assume the site loads okay chrome that those errors happen but then simply retries. Have you tested the site firefox/iceweasel with ssllabs.com gnutls-cli openssl s_client? jmcnaught future ship which under water instead space. jmcnaught don't know anything about Outlander. jmcnaught guh! Time travel...hardly ever done right. Lady_Aleena: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Outlander_%28TV_series%29 looks good but haven't watched yet jmcnaught got there second before your link. transhuman_: performs bunch tests there's checkbox keep the results private transhuman_: will give your site score. ideally you want higher really looking forward Captain America: Civil War transhuman_: https://mozilla.github.io/server-side-tls/ssl-config-generator/ <-- very useful transhuman_: depends you need support people with older browsers not transhuman_: you can also run "gnutls-cli fqdn.example.com" see there are problems jmcnaught also you want alternate vampire series you could watch Blood Ties. transhuman_: that mozilla site will change the "oldest compatible clients" line for old intermediate modern transhuman_: there's debsums package that you could use might little burnt out vampires for now jmcnaught also you watched Warehouse you might want watch The Dresden Files see actor from W13 playing vampire few episodes. jmcnaught thanks for the help will reinstall desktop will probably use minimal server install and just build desktop top that) transhuman_: most but not all debian packages have hash sums for all their files this what debsums checks transhuman_: that might not necessary would look for more errors before going nuclear like that Lady_Aleena: Jessica Jones really excellent you like film noir and strong female anti-heroes. she's sort reluctant superhero (no costume) it's little dark transhuman_: would say that firefox/iceweasel and gnutls-cli don't complain about bad certificates that your system probably fine and would suggest looking into chrome/chromium bugs jmcnaught thanks will look that before anything jmcnaught maybe during the spring/summer hiatus the current series watching. tortib: are the melee attacks fun they look the videos watched? jmcnaught also you've seen Warehouse and want something else like you could give The Librarians try (watch the films first then the series). think only watched the first episode Warehouse and didn't get into jmcnaught and you want something like Warehouse and The Librarians but predates both you could watch Friday the 13th: The Series. bagbobilgins: what terminal emulator are you using? gnome-terminal for example check that character encoding set UTF-8 (under the terminal menu). Lady_Aleena: did like the first season Haven and then forgot about it. apparently there are five seasons. Lady_Aleena: have you seen Orphan Black? jmcnaught and the seasons Haven are intense! Good guh are they intense. jmcnaught don't like clones. Sorry. jmcnaught doesn't all the time jmcnaught you want back into space there Andromeda and Farscape too. Lady_Aleena: thought Tatiana Maslany was pretty awesome many versions herself was surprised how much liked Farscape jmcnaught saw the synopsis Orphan Black and gave pass. bagbobilgins: what you get for "echo $LANG"? jmcnaught you are making really stretch mind here all the science fiction/fantasy I've watched over the years. the characters are all pretty compelling heh well don't want wear you out you've given some pretty solid recommendations far jmcnaught: en_GB.UTF-8 jmcnaught GUH! Some these are old and not out DVD nor will they ever make DVD can't suggest them. bagbobilgins: okay must font issue then jmcnaught you like alien invasions Earth you can watch War the World (TV series) Earth: Final Conflict (posthumously Gene Roddenberry). bagbobilgins: also use terminator and for it's set use the system fixed width font which according gnome tweak-tool droid sans mono regular jmcnaught and there always Ash vs. Evil Dead. yeah i've been meaning watch that jmcnaught Ash vs. Evil Dead can binged evening (start around 4pm Saturday [or other day off] and through the night). jmcnaught and you want sword battles (near) contemporary setting there always Highlander: The Series (with the lesser known spin-off Highlander: The Raven). jmcnaught you want time travel (from British network which not tied Doctor Who) you can watch Primeval (if you can find it). jmcnaught for more mutants (which are not X-Men) there Painkiller Jane and Sanctuary. jmcnaught and for something completely off there Tremors: The Series which follows Tremors and followed Tremors with Tremors prequel all it. makes list. jmcnaught just tell I'm going too fast. Lady_Aleena: have you seen The Prisoner? (the original not the remake) jmcnaught have not. really should some day. it's very good and has very strange ending. Patrick McGoohan was pretty much run out the because people didn't get it. didn't get but still enjoyed it) jmcnaught you've probably seen The X-Files but have you seen Millennium The Lone Gunmen? nope jmcnaught recommended (the former more than the latter). jmcnaught are you geek enough have seen the entire Star Trek franchise? different kind geek guess. i've seen lots Star Trek but not all jmcnaught there also the post-apocalyptic Jericho (not much sci-fi but still applicable the genre). i've read all Spider-Man the mid 90s though Lady_Aleena: like post-apocalyptic but didn't get into Jericho. Two books that genre can recommend though are The Long Tomorrow Leigh Brackett (she also wrote the script for Empire Strikes Back) and Canticle for Leibowitz Walter Miller jmcnaught I'm reaching the end suggestions. digging deep here. Lady_Aleena: well thank you you've given quite the list jmcnaught think that will the end for now. Most the other series would recommend are not out DVD not streamable anywhere far know. jmcnaught how many series was that the way? Lady_Aleena: heh i'm not sure "list" really meant "transcript" laughs. jmcnaught jmcnaught probably enough make you couch potato worse you'll become one with the couch. there way too much out there watch all jmcnaught I've watched almost all I've recommended. jmcnaught though watched them when they actually aired (and feeling old right now). Lady_Aleena: bet you would like The Sandman comic book but not the superhero genre) meh.. i've watched way too much than i'm comfortable admit jmcnaught have (since we're only talking sci-fi and fantasy I've not gotten into all the police procedurals I've seen over the years). heh i'm also sucker for police procedurals and don't even like cops The Wire one the best shows ever did you watch True Detective? season one was really good haven't seen the second one yet jmcnaught haven't seen either series though I've heard The Wire. also sort study crossovers.) crossovers between shows? the Marvel Cinematic Universe pretty rich with crossovers (the source material even more so) jmcnaught you want see crossover madness start here: http://fantasy.xecu.net/Movies/Crossovers/index.pl Jessica Jones for example has shared universe with Daredevil and supporting character Luke Cage getting his own show and there will team-up series The Defenders and there are references sprinkled around the events the films jmcnaught aren't those all part the Marvel Universe? yeah jmcnaught I'd love your thoughts crossover work you are mind give good look though understand you are not interested. have afk for about minutes clean the kitchen. Will you still here then? the marvel films too keep hinting about the power gems leading towards the infinity war films that will (should) have bunch characters from all the films jmcnaught writing style does leave something desired but tried keep bit dry. Lady_Aleena: i'm checking out. this reminding videos like: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GzGTOizEkW8 Lady_Aleena: quite lot work went into your site jmcnaught: thanks for your help apt install unifont seems have largely fixed jmcnaught I'm back and will watch the video now. Lady_Aleena: i'm back watching Angel. What don't like about the series right now how falls love with Cordelia. His character should know better than get romantic with anyone. Also doesn't seem like anyone's really explained Connor the whole story but maybe that's implied jmcnaught He's been love with Cordelia since season just didn't know yet. well that guy needs accept loneliness considering what the stakes are jmcnaught I'm biting tongue metaphorically right now. Lady_Aleena: well i'm sure i'll find out what happens soon enough jmcnaught you will but you are season remember will bleak. that's fine with i'm usually disappointed happy endings jmcnaught then you'll fine with Angel. dutchfish: another great performance above: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GUcXI2BIUOQ jmcnaught nice find dutchfish: learned recently from the "What Happened Miss Simone?" documentary that she was *really* angry that concert like incite violent revolution angry she's very interesting person jmcnaught yup still waiting for the movie arrive the cinema's europe jmcnaught definitely gone attend that one jmcnaught https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8yOfimHhARw https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wd4EE0J98D0 (this the acoustic version the original has sort 80s feel) dutchfish: this great! Thank you jmcnaught for great conversation about science fiction/fantasy series earlier. Usually this time night YouTube zombie chain smoking. You've kept fingers busy I've smoked very little this evening and not zombie. Lady_Aleena: cheers i'll check out some your recommendations. have good one jmcnaught did her conecerts Paris love her music jmcnaught https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cOR5to_Qaek hmir: https://wiki.debian.org/SSDOptimization note you need configure LVM and dm-crypt for trim/discard and that might not necessary you leave some space unallocated jmcnaught assuming the ssd drive new unallocated space automatically used cell provision jmcnaught (the drive's internal logistics make use it) jml2: true you can also hedge this leaving some space unused. also some ssds are blacklisted the kernel from using discard anyways jmcnaught that's what use with luks jmcnaught though the drive not blacklisted would try test see trim still supported.. jmcnaught note: "secure erase" would necessary new install that would then make unallocated space effective for the extra provision jmcnaught (that the drive was fully used before and was never using trim) 

